
PHXDW Website Development Notes
June 10, 2016


1. I have been approaching the site as having an initial Phase 1 launch, followed by launching an additional Phase 2 and possibly Phase 3 components at a later date. Here is a list of the Phase 1 pages for launch, as well as my best guess on the Phase 2 and Phase 3 launches:

	▪	Phase 1
		⁃	Home page
		⁃	MM Conference page
		⁃	MM Speaker Detail page(s)
		⁃	MM Convince Your Boss page (this will use the Basic page template)
		⁃	MM Apply for a Student Scholarship page (if possible—this content is not done yet)
		⁃	PHXDW Events page
		⁃	Sponsorship page
		⁃	Volunteer page
		⁃	About page
		⁃	Contact page
	
	▪	Phase 2
		⁃	MM Conference Comparison page
		⁃	MM Location page
		⁃	MM Why Students Should Attend page
	
	▪	Phase 3
		⁃	MM Program page
		⁃	Merch page + Checkout pages

2. None of the copy in the wireframes or layouts is final. The final copy can be viewed in the Website Copy folder on the Google Drive. I just invited you to it, and here is a link as well: 

https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0Bzn5tFkexYh5TVNSXzVXdVZUdGs&usp=sharing

Note: The Phase 2 pages are not complete, but will be ready at a later point, potentially for launch after the initial site launch.

3. To to try make things easier for you, I’ve created a folder specific for web-ready assets and included as many dev-ready assets as I could think of in there. The folder is called “4 site assets” and is located in the full site folder. You may need to further optimize the .png images. Assets in that folder include:
	▪	Fonts used in the .psd files
	▪	Hires versions of some colorized photos (some have already been used in the layouts, the others could be used on other pages—you can also find more images in the main Assets folder. There is also a link to a tutorial that explains how to produce the colorization treatment.
	▪	Logo slices
	▪	Tileable versions of the complex, multi-color patterns
	▪	Tileable versions of the simple one-color patterns—All patterns in all colors have been exported
	▪	And .ase swatches file for import to Photoshop and a .txt doc with the hex codes

4. Form submission notes:
	▪	The volunteer form should submit to amy.robinson@arizona.aiga.org
	▪	The sponsor form should submit to danielle.knotts@arizona.aiga.org, jim.nissen@arizona.aiga.org and kathy.morgan@arizona.aiga.org
	▪	The contact form should submit to amy.robinson@arizona.aiga.org and liz.magura@arizona.aiga.org (for now)
	▪	The contact form should submit to amy.robinson@arizona.aiga.org and liz.magura@arizona.aiga.org
	▪	I still don’t know what was wrong, but we need to make sure the email signup form is working on the full site—I was never able to sign up, but I assumed it was because I was already on the list. However, Jessie was also not able to sign up, and I manually checked Mailchimp and confirmed she was NOT on the list, so I’m not sure what is wrong.
	▪	Also on the email signup form, I’ve mocked up some styling for errors and confirmation messages, which can be seen in the Home page mockup. I’d love to implement these if it is possible.

5. Some general design notes / reminders:
	▪	I’d like the logo in the upper left corner to randomize between the 4 logo slices that I’ve included in the assets folder
	▪	On the patterned hero band, the background should always be purple, but I’d like the option to select the pattern for each page from the four complex patterns (slices in the assets folder)
	▪	On the simple, single-color patterns: Please use the slices I have exported in the Assets folder. I ask because the patterns in the layouts seem to vary just a bit, but if we use the pre-sliced images they should all be the same size and proportional to one another.
	▪	QUESTION: Could you please let me know what size you want the sponsor logos? That way I can prep the confirmed sponsors, and also the past sponsors (for the Sponsorship page).

6. Some notes regarding the Phase 1 launch:
	▪	On the Conference page, the “How does Method + Madness compare” box will most likely not be ready at the time of initial site launch—could these boxes expand to fill the live page area when there is only one?
	▪	Also on the Conference page, I added a band to the mockup with two boxes about students (apply for a scholarship and why attend), but these items may not be ready for the initial launch (the apply form might be).
	▪	On the Speaker Detail page, we might not have information for all four social profile types for each speaker, so could we make it so that only the ones we have show up?
	▪	On the Basic page template, I’d like the option to change the following:
	⁃	Hero pattern
	⁃	Pattern behind/to the right and left of the main page body
	⁃	Add a full-width photographic band
	⁃	Add a two-column promo band
