readme.md, before:

# Phoenix Design Week
Every year, Phoenix Design Week brings together hundreds of creative professionals
and students from across the Valley for a week-long celebration of design—a series
of presentations, workshops and events, all curated to inspire and strengthen the
Phoenix design community.

The highlight of Phoenix Design Week is the Method and Madness Conference, a
two-day conference organized by community volunteers that features world-class
speakers and local experts imparting actionable insights, hands-on education and
a fiery passion for their craft.

## About This Repository
Here you will find the custom WordPress theme behind the 2016 version of http://phxdw.com.

### Tools / Packages Used
- [Node/npm](http://npmjs.com)
- [Gulp](http://gulpjs.com)
- [Bower](http://bower.io)
- [Sass](http://sass-lang.com/)
- Prelude by [factor1](https://github.com/factor1/Prelude)
- Sugar by [factor1/Eric Stout](https://github.com/erwstout/sugar)
- Nifty Nav by [factor1](https://github.com/factor1/nifty-nav)
- Ginger by [Eric Stout](https://github.com/erwstout/ginger/)

### Getting Started
To get started clone this repository and from the project directory type
`npm install && bower install` from terminal.

To view the gulp tasks available from Prelude type `gulp -T` or view the [Prelude Documentation](https://github.com/factor1/Prelude#readme).

### Production & Staging Repositories
Both staging and production environments for Phoenix Design Week have on server
repos to easily push code changes.

The **staging** repository can be found at:
```
ssh://factor1me@factor1.me/home/factor1me/repos/phx-design-week.git
```
The **production** repository can be found at:
```
ssh://user@repourl.com/path/to/repo.git
```

## Contact
For repository questions or issues contact [Eric Stout](mailto:eric@factor1studios.com) or
[factor1](http://factor1studios.com).

Commit message:

Master branch readme update
Signed-off-by: mattada <mattadams@factor1studios.com>

readme.md, after:

# Phoenix Design Week
Every year, Phoenix Design Week brings together hundreds of creative professionals
and students from across the Valley for a week-long celebration of design—a series
of presentations, workshops and events, all curated to inspire and strengthen the
Phoenix design community.

The highlight of Phoenix Design Week is the Method and Madness Conference, a
two-day conference organized by community volunteers that features world-class
speakers and local experts imparting actionable insights, hands-on education and
a fiery passion for their craft.

## About This Repository
Here you will find the custom WordPress theme behind the 2016 version of http://phxdw.com.

### Tools / Packages Used
- [Node/npm](http://npmjs.com)
- [Gulp](http://gulpjs.com)
- [Bower](http://bower.io)
- [Sass](http://sass-lang.com/)
- Prelude by [factor1](https://github.com/factor1/Prelude)
- Sugar by [factor1/Eric Stout](https://github.com/erwstout/sugar)
- Nifty Nav by [factor1](https://github.com/factor1/nifty-nav)
- Ginger by [Eric Stout](https://github.com/erwstout/ginger/)

### Getting Started
To get started clone this repository and from the project directory type
`npm install && bower install` from terminal.

To view the gulp tasks available from Prelude type `gulp -T` or view the [Prelude Documentation](https://github.com/factor1/Prelude#readme).

### Production & Staging Repositories
Both staging and production environments for Phoenix Design Week have on server
repos to easily push code changes.

The **staging** repository can be found at:
```
ssh://factor1me@factor1.me/home/factor1me/repos/phx-design-week.git
```
The **production** repository is pushed via Master branch on github through the FTPloy.com system


## Contact
For repository questions or issues contact [Eric Stout](mailto:eric@factor1studios.com) or
[factor1](http://factor1studios.com).
